where are we Syria oh my god
huh
Oh No
Sophie get up Sophie
wait are we inside the rocket gone we're
in its stomach to be more precise in its
stomach no way oh my gosh that's great
who knew this thing would be so big only
someone is having a good time
sticky clothes what is that stuff well
if we're in the stomach it's probably
some kind of horribly toxic acid we
should get out of here I don't really
want to be dissolved by stomach acid
what would you suggest if it makes you
feel better I'm almost totally sure this
leads to the head I hope so we don't
hurry we'll be digested ended up going
out it's but anyway this is not
happening
swallowed alive by a rocker Gong that's
new what a mess
so does anyone know where we are or
whatever
somewhere near its tail maybe in that
case our fastest escape route will be
out the boat okay that's enough
how are you all so calm I can't stand
this one more seconds Sherea listen hmm
everyone thinks we should leave through
the but let's search for the but Sherea
it's the only way I'm Sophie you are
making things much worse such a child
it's because I'm an adult that I can't
take it